.TH BRAINFUCK-SHELL 1
.SH NAME
brainfuck-shell \- The command-line based BrainFuck interpreter.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B brainfuck-shell
.IR [program\ file]
.IR [input\ file]
.IR [output\ file]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B brainfuck-shell
An interpreter for the BrainFuck language, primarially focused on stream-processing via pipes.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.BR [program\ file]
The name of the file from which to read the BrainFuck program itself (if unspecified, defaults to stdin)
.PP
.BR [input\ file]
The name of the file from which to read the character input (if unspecified, defaults to stdin)
.PP
.BR [input\ file]
The name of the file to which all character output should be written (if unspecified, defaults to stdout)
.SH Usage
.PP
BrainFuck Shell is primarily designed as a stream-manipulator. By default, both code and input data are read sequentially from standard in, and all output is directed toward standard out. For example,
.B echo\ ",a."\ |\ brainfuck-shell
will cause "a" to be printed to standard out.
.PP
Input and output can also be redirected to files be passing the file names as CLI arguments. For example, calling
.B brainfuck-shell\ ./prog.txt\ ./input.txt\ ./output.txt
will execute the BrainFuck program in "prog.txt", read input data from "input.txt", and output data into "output.txt".
.PP
Additionally, the user may choose to only pass the program file or only the program and input files. For example, if "prog.txt" contains the code `,>+++[<.>-]`, then the call
.B echo\ "a"\ |\ brainfuck-shell\ ./prog.txt
will print "aaa" to standard out.
.SH LICENSE
.TP
Copyright (C) 2018 Haximilian
.PP
This project is licensed under The Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License (http://www.wtfpl.net/txt/copying/).
.PP
For a complete copy of the license, please see the included "LICENSE.txt" file.
